Lightning Kokkos support >=32 qubits on GPUs (#1382)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: doc/lightning_amdgpu/installation.rst

.. note::

>     - Lightning-AMDGPU require Kokkos version 5.1.0

Author: ```suggestion
    - Lightning-AMDGPU requires Kokkos version 5.1.0
```

>     - Lightning-AMDGPU is verified to work with ROCm 6.2, 6.4, 7.0, 7.1.

Reviewer: Could we test on 6.3? So we can update it as follows:

```suggestion
    - Lightning-AMDGPU is verified to work with ROCm versions 6.2 to 7.1.
```

Author: just tested, it does work!
